fix: scenario not clear (#66)
kubernetes-simulator/simulator: simulation-scripts/scenario/container-ambush/challenge.txt

Starting Point: Jenkins container in the container-ambush namespace.

Task 1: Demonstrate whether it is possible to retrieve sensitive data from any of the pods in this namespace.

> Task 2: Change the nginx deployment so the secret key isn't so easily accessible and is consumed in the secure way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task 2: Change the proxy deployment so the secret key isn't so easily accessible and is consumed in the secure way.
```

> Task 2: Change the deployment so sensitive information isn't so easily accessible and is consumed in the secure way (volume mount).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Task 2: Change the deployment so sensitive information isn't so easily accessible and is consumed in the secure way.
NOTE: The proxy can also consume a configuration file at '/var/nginx/config'
```
